morty family's house

some sexy sounds coming from it

Jerry: ooo, oooh , ahhhhnope.
Wait a minute. Wait oooh, oooh yeah ooo, oooooup, nope

Jerry! 

C'mon one more time. Ok, yes, no, wait yes, maybe, still maybe, hanging on to maybe

Get off me Jerry

int the house

Sorry, I mean, I can't believe it. I don't feel like complete man anymore beth

Did you before?

Next day breakfast table

beth and jerry are groggy and grumpy.

rick:
you guys look a little groggy. what's the matter where you up all night doing it?

Morty
Grandpa Rick !

Summer
Gross

What you don't think it's hard for me to come to terms with the fact that my baby girl has sex with men

stop, please stop
 
beth: I wouldn't exactly call it sex

Woah and the truth comes out!

oh, come one

Beth, I mean, Hey, well Rick I was gonna ask, you know for an old guy I bet you're pretty potent

I'm right here guys

The answer is yes Jerry and the answer to your other question is no.

What?

No I won't help you with your boner problem. There's an fda approved solution for that Jerry. C'mon morty, let's I got some new light dagger saber nunchucks that I want to try out.

Sure Rick anything. 


They exit. 

Jerry I'll be right back.

Upstairs 

Jerry digs through ricks stuff. 

Rogaine???????? Ha embarrassing. Hmmm what's this?

He spots a small bottle of berries that are shaped like little penis with balls. Of course they are all blured.

looks promising.

eats some

hmm, what are these berries?

Looks in the mirror. closes his eyes

Ok yes, oh yeah hey there. I know you're beths sister but...i know you don't exist yes...c'mon, I mean.hmm. heay! Heys!

looks down at himself

Oh boy, yes! Yes! Rawr. Yes!

Flexes. 

goes downstairs

beth, what do do you think?

A little late jerry, also your balls look werid.

That's all I can get for appreciating you

No I mean, they look, jerry did you take something of Ricks?

NO! I don't need Rick to get a hard on!

Goes outside to get the mail. 

A parents and children ride by on a bike. 

Dadda, ping pong. Ping pong!

What sweetie no there's no, WHAT, you sick man, I'm calling the police

morty and rick are in the garage.

See morty you though this would be easy huh, lightsaber nunchucks, but they are actually pretty ill conceived morty, I mean [burb] how you supposed to hold on to them?

Maybe you have to use the force or something


Jerry walks in.

Uh rick....

Yeah jerry...oh god jesus

Dad...I mean dad you could go to jail for that, but uh, oh jeez they're moving.

They're not moving morty they're growing. 

Rick grabs jerry by the collar. 

how many did you take?

Oh I dunno two or three, three or four

As long as it wasn't five or six...then shit would really be bad

Oh...uh what would happen...uh in that case?

Your balls are on my foot

==========
end act?
==========

Jerry how, would you take nine viagra? why would you take nine cockberries?

I don't know they tasted pretty good. 

they're called cockberries? 

Yes morty. Last time I took half a cockberry I ended up fathering an entire race of half ricks half anthropomorphic squirrels. 

Ewww. So weird

I mean these squirrel women were pretty hot, like avatar people but more squirrley. Right morty you know what I'm talking about, you clicked on those ads for those porn games, where you have sex with the elves n shit, you know the women with tails n shit.

Guys!

jerrys balls are still growing.

Ah shit, we'd better get him outside.

No! But then people will see my balls!

Would you rather people see your balls or have your house wrecked by your balls. Heheh, wrecking balls burp. Sorry, was kinda forced but I had to

They roll jerry outside. [beth leaves for work earlier?]

Now what are we gonna do Rick.

What do you think morty? What do you think we should do? Because I think maybe we should uh, I dunno, maybe get some, uh ball shrinking berries. 

Phew, yeah, I was hoping you'd say that. 


=======

space, in rick's ufo a plant comes into view

huh rick this planet, it looks just like earth

Because it is earth, in a parallel universe. But this earth, even among infinite parallell universes this one is pretty rare morty. This the one where white people,they never discovered america morty. It's the exact same except they never discoverd america. They just kept missing it every time. 

Wow that's pretty crazy

they are close to the surface now, flying through the air

Look at that morty, spcious skys, p-purple mountains, amber waves of grain, 

rick us what are we doing here in america that's nevr been discovered

what white men have always done with america, pillage it for natural resources


walking through terrain.

They have some special berries here in america, the berries that make your balls smaller. They used to exist in our plant too morty, but then the white man came and made the plant go extinct.

wow, we, we white people sure did a lot of bad things

Morty is was a bush with testicle shriking berries, if you're gonna indulge in white guilt about somthing [burp] maybe pick something else

They approach and indian camp

Indians approach with spears.

Ricks, very formal, make a hand symbol of peace
then makes very formal and respectful obvious signles for "looking for something to eat that makes your balls smaller"

put down their spears laughing like crazy. One points to some nearby bushes. The berries on the bushes look like teeny tiny penis. 

Thanks. 

thy walk to the bushes away from the howling injuns.

Well rick that was pretty easy. 

They start picking berries

Suddenly 


Without the rebbelious americans in the way, the britih empire took over the world and turned it into a techno-socialist nanny state. Watch your step, they can get highly passive agressive. 